Installation instructions

# INSTALLATION: #

## MultiroomAudio Plugin 1.0.x and above (XBMC Dharma and above) ##

Use the new addons feature of XBMC to install the plugin ... Done!


## MultiroomAudio Plugin 1.b (XBMC Camelot) ##
After you have met the minimum dependencies mentioned in the WikiReadme...

1)  Place/copy the plugin in your ~/.xbmc/plugins/programs
2)  Proceed to Programs/Program plugins/MultiroomAudio and bring up the context
> menu for the plugin and configure or keep the default settings and select OK to
> save the settings.
3)  Select MultiroomAudio plugin and configure a source or two.
> <b>Note:</b> Define a source for localhost (the default is: udp://@224.1.1.152:1152)
4)  After defining your sources, Restart XBMC so the it uses the new playercorefactory.xml
> generated by the plugin.
5)  Now your good to go...

<b>Usage:</b>

To use the plugin lets say to stream a video throughout the house...

1)  Goto the MultiroomAudio plugin and activate the Localhost client (created earlier)
2)  Once activated, now goto you video section and navigate to a video that you want
> to play/stream... select the context menu for the item and select "play using" and
> choose Video\_Stream....  viola!  now you are streaming video throughout the home
3)  You can now goto other XBMC's and use the plugin loaded on them to listen in provide
> that you have created a source to use.  ;-)

You can use the same process described above for music as well.  At this time, the plugin only supports streaming one media file at a time unless you create a playlist and use that to pass onto the streamer using the "play using"

Enjoy!